Improve the raiseIntent documentation (#461)
finos/FDC3: docs/api/ref/DesktopAgent.md

```ts
raiseIntent(intent: string, context: Context, app?: TargetApp): Promise<IntentResolution>;
```
Raises a specific intent for resolution against apps registered with the desktop agent. 

> The desktop agent will resolve the correct app to target based on the provided intent name and context data. If multiple matching apps are found, the user may be presented with an app picker.

Author: ```suggestion
The desktop agent will resolve the correct app to target based on the provided intent name and context data. If multiple matching apps are found, the user should be presented with an app picker.
```

> The desktop agent will resolve the correct app to target based on the provided intent name and context data. If multiple matching apps are found, the user should be presented with a resolver UI allowing them to pick an app.

Reviewer: I am not happy with this statement being in the docs/spec as a should. I think a resolver UI is just one possible way to deal with intent resolution.

Some other options I can think of:
* Pick the most recently used option.
* User preferences that control default apps that are configured somewhere.

Alternatively, the specific app to target can also be provided. A list of valid target applications can be retrieved via [`findIntent`](DesktopAgent#findintent).  

Returns an `IntentResolution` object with details of the app that was selected to respond to the intent.

If a target app for the intent cannot be found with the criteria provided, an `Error` with a string from the [`ResolveError`](Errors#resolverrror) enumeration is returned.

#### Example

```js
// raise an intent for resolution by the desktop agent

> // a resolver UI will be displayed if more than one application can resolve the intent

Reviewer 2: "a resolver UI _may_ be displayed..."

Author: Good catch, although I think its actually a _should_ as I see this in the compliance section of the docs:
>- Provide an API to all applications running in the context of the platform that meets the FDC3 API standards, including:
>    - Support for FDC3 Context Data and Intents standards
>    - Support for Intent and Context resolution using a resolver UI

https://fdc3.finos.org/docs/fdc3-compliance

Reviewer 2: I agree, in which case we should update line 381 from _may_ to _should_ as well.

> // a resolver UI should be displayed if more than one application can resolve the intent

Reviewer: Another "should" which should be a "may" (or described differently).

Author: ```suggestion
// a resolver UI may be displayed, or another method of resolving the intent to a
   target applied if more than one application can resolve the intent
```

raiseIntentForContext(context: Context, app?: TargetApp): Promise<IntentResolution>;
```

Finds and raises an intent against apps registered with the desktop agent based purely on the type of the context data.

The desktop agent will first resolve to a specific intent based on the provided context, displaying a resolver UI if more than one intent is available for specified context. It will then resolve to a specific app to handle the selected intent and specified context. 

> Alternatively, the specific app to target can also be provided, in which case the resolver should only offer intents supported by the specified application. 

Reviewer: Again here, a resolver UI is not the only option.

Author: Can be reworded without mentioning UI.
```suggestion
Alternatively, the specific app to target can also be provided, in which case any method of resolution SHOULD only consider intents supported by the specified application. 
```
